Add docs for minReadySeconds in StatefulSet (#27683)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/statefulset.md

Pod. This option only affects the behavior for scaling operations. Updates are not
affected.

> #### Min Ready Seconds

Reviewer: I'd suggest we spell this as "Minimum ready seconds".

Author: Done. PTAL

> `.spec.minReadySeconds` is an optional field that specifies the minimum number of seconds for which a newly

Reviewer: You may want to insert the following line before line 233:

```
{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.22" state="alpha" >}}
```

Author: Done. Please let me know if it is at right location.

Pod. This option only affects the behavior for scaling operations. Updates are not
affected.

#### Minimum Ready Seconds

{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.22" state="alpha" >}}

> 

Reviewer 2: Let's explain that this field only works if you enable the `StatefulSetMinReadySeconds` feature gate.

Author: Sure, I added it [here](https://github.com/kubernetes/website/pull/27683/files#diff-ff635592a5e94bba6c6677379e9a5d64b4a035846dfe25881c1f05671e39b8bdR240). PTAL.

Pod. This option only affects the behavior for scaling operations. Updates are not
affected.

#### Minimum Ready Seconds

{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.22" state="alpha" >}}

`.spec.minReadySeconds` is an optional field that specifies the minimum number of seconds for which a newly
created Pod should be ready without any of its containers crashing, for it to be considered available.
This defaults to 0 (the Pod will be considered available as soon as it is ready). To learn more about when
a Pod is considered ready, see [Container Probes](/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle/#container-probes).

> Please note that this field only works if you enable the `StatefulSetMinReadySeconds` featuregate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that this field only works if you enable the `StatefulSetMinReadySeconds` feature gate.
```

Author: Done. PTAL
